# Client Meeting on 03/17/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/03/17/01:30

## Meeting End Time
2022/03/17/02:00

## Location/Medium
Zoom

## Present
Abby, Lucas, Nathan, William (client)

## Minute Recorder
Nathan

## Topics Discussed
* New features:
  * The user can clock in online and then if they lose an internet connection they can clock out offline.
  * The user can add tasks to the visit.
  * The user can add goals to the visit.
* Client use of the software for each feature.
* How many users currently use their online tool?
  * 2,000
* How many users go offline during their visits?
  * About %30 of the time 
* How many visits do employees do weekly/daily?
  * Depends on the company.
  * Company A could have 200 visits a day. 
  * Company B could only have 10 visits a day.
  
## Things Clarified
* Users can be clocked into multiple visits at a time.
* They could be working with multiple clients at a time.
* Next Iteration Features:
  * William thinks there aren't any more features he wants for the next iteration.

## Client Use of the Project
* How did the client use the software?:
  * William used the software through the zoom remote screen control feature.
* What features did they test in your software?:
  * William tested that the user can clock in online and then clock out offline.
* How long did they use your software?:
  * For about five minutes.
* How was their reaction to the software?:
  * William enjoyed the simple flow and user-friendliness.
* Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?:
  * No.
* Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues):
  * No.
