# Week of 
10/2/2022 - 10/9/2022

## Meeting Start Time
2022/10/7/01:00 PM

## Meeting End Time
2022/10/7/02:25 PM

## Location/Medium
Zoom

## Present
Abby, Lucas, Alex, Nathan, Evan

## Minute Recorder
Nathan

## Topics Discussed
* Design documents
* Tech stack 
* Does our app have to connect to their existing software or API?
* Should we build off their pre existing application or can we make a new one with a different tech stack.
* State
  * https://medium.com/edonec/state-in-react-an-overview-a182675cee2c
* Figure out at what points do we need to sync data, check online status, or reference data.

## Things Clarified
* Little things to change in design documents so they are presentable for the client.
* Web app vs mobile app
* Web app wouldn't allow for mobile offline functionality, would have to be a mobile app.
* context{}
* inProgressVisits{}
* clockIn{}
* Domain Model (Important)
  * Caregiver -> tasks -> clients -> Clockins


## Questions for Client
* Should we build off of this existing website? 
  * If yes, we need to research how we can download a webapp for mobile devices or checkout how usable a webapp is offline?
  * If yes, research everywhere we make an API call during the clock in and visit user flows
* How do we currently get their location? How can we get their location offline within the current webapp. If we cant get it offline, would the client prefer to see their location when they went offline, or where they were when they went back online?
*  What is currently being saved in the state?

## Research Topics
* Investigate how viable it is using a web app offline.
* Use the preixisting software?
* Super object for data vs Entering data manually 


